how long did this process take the play
out guy and did you give me a little
overview you know what when everybody
heard the announcement I think everybody
in hockey is excited not only college
hockey so you wonder if you know there's
a chance it might be a fit and in it and
I just wanted to come down and see it
and you know you meet Joe Batista and
you're just automatic rival and start
digging and get this thing going and
that's sort of what happened and then
when I got to learn more but I'm really
intrigued about you know the spirit of
Penn State how you do it how much how
this happens and it's something I just
would love to be a part of it so it's
intriguing and then you learn more about
obviously the foundation the coach
maternal set in terms of you know
academic the graduation rates of the
athletes and in doing things right i
mean it's a very clean university it's a
classy they win with honour they do
things right and that's important to me
it's something that where I was at seven
years at Princeton they have the same
values and so I think it's a great fit
and came down here and saw it and saw
the plans and obviously spend two
minutes with Joe and you want to be they
say I want to be on board you seem to
have a good grasp of the Joe Paterno the
academics and the family stuff is that
something you knew about Penn State
before did you kind of learn there's no
path or it didn't take long as I said
I've got a chance to you know to meet
coach Jay Paterno and it wasn't you know
and you listen to him speak and it was
really nice but it's you know not talk
is cheap but that I look behind him and
there's a picture that his children in
all drew saying we are Penn State and
that's that speaks a lot i love seeing
that i thought that was just tremendous
and and he spoke to me as much about his
family and and
and how it is raising the children here
as he did about you know the athletic
department I thought that was wonderful
I just like you know talking to him made
a genuine that this is what Penn State
really is about may you see the
statistics of the graduation rates and I
mean I think there's only one other
program without violations at Stanford
and its really importantly I think
anybody knows me too I mean if I went
somewhere where we were pushing the
envelope and doing things I don't I
think everybody would know that's not
how that's not how I work so I think
it's a great fit I'm just thrilled to be
how difficult is it going to be to wait
for the actual competition I know
there's a lot of stuff that's going to
go into the next couple years that you
have to do but actually getting out
there and seeing the team on the ice and
convenient I'm actually I think it's
great i like the other stuff like I and
I'm almost I'm happy that the ranks
going to be a couple years away I am I
think it's great to you know what to be
a part when it comes and you really
appreciate it if it's if it's here right
my Gator you don't appreciate it someone
so there's going to be a lot of work but
it's gonna be fun work and I get to you
know do it with Joe Batista's I mean
just raring to go in it so I think we're
gonna have a lot of hard work but I
think it's going to be black what style
of hockey are you going to bring to
happen yeah well I grew up in Edmonton
you know in the 80s with Gretzky and
messy and Anderson curry and coffee and
you know that's the hockey a that made
me fall that's that the type of hawk
that made me fall in love with the sport
so you know
we're going to go that's for sure thank
you John for the end user thank you Mark
for the enemy